[THEME MUSIC]
>> DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome back to
"Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And we are here, once again,
with our special guest insider
Emery Smith.
And Emery, I again want to
thank you so much for finally
stepping forward to do this.
>> EMERY SMITH: Well,
thank you, Dave.
It's been a long time, as you
know, around 10 years for me
to come out and talk about it.
And I think it's time
for the people to know--
to add to what you have
already been teaching.
But there's some
gaps there, and I
want to help you
fill those if you
have any questions with them.
>> DAVID: We had talked about
this briefing that I got from
Pete Peterson that was very
recent in this idea that he was
following up on what he gave
us on a previous episode
of "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> SMITH: OK.
>> DAVID: We were talking about
the idea that there are these
vast carved tunnels
underground; smooth,
almost glass-like
interior, like it's--
>> SMITH: Obsidian.
Yes.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: Melted rock, yeah.
>> DAVID: So, you
know about this?
>> SMITH: Yes, I know.
>> DAVID: And he said
that, in some cases,
they follow the Nazca Lines.
And that there are these
chambers off the sides that
look like people
were living there,
but it appears that whoever was
there just took all the stuff
out when they left.
So, could you just speak to that
for a second; that part of it?
The idea that somebody might
have cleared everything out,
and it might not
have been us, per se,
but maybe it was the
beings themselves.
What do we know about why
it was so abandoned looking?
>> SMITH: Well, there's actually
a lot of the craft down there,
and they're connected
to many other tunnels.
I don't know what
he was debriefed on,
but what I was debriefed on
is, you know, there's over, you
know, 200 to 300
craft down there,
and many beings that are kind
of petrified into the walls.
And it is like a lava
tube-type of cave system,
where it was intentionally
melted, it looks like,
and frozen in--
like frozen.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: Some moment and some
sort of suspended animation,
I would say.
>> DAVID: Well, that is
interesting you said 200 to 300
craft, because this
briefing from Pete,
he was speculating that there
might be as many as possibly
500 down there.
>> SMITH: Oh.
>> DAVID: So, that's
a very similar number.
>> SMITH: Well, just in Mexico
alone, that area is about that.
But those go way down south too.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: So, this is a big
collective group of scientists,
which have now just had to turn
it over to the US government.
>> DAVID: So, another one of
the things that he said in this
briefing-- that I've
never shared with anyone,
and I'm just going to drop
it on camera right now--
he said that the latest
intel that he's aware of
is that there are evidence of
five different epochs on Earth
of extraterrestrial
colonies that
were fairly large and
fairly considerable
when they happened.
That they're almost
all underground,
and he said that, of these
five eras, some of them
go back millions of years and
that they are very different.
The type of technology;
the type of society;
the way that everything looks;
it's all very different.
So, I'm wondering
if you ever heard
about there being like
five major, if you will,
ages of extraterrestrial
colonization of Earth?
>> SMITH: I've heard up to five.
I've kind of known
of three, because
of artifacts and beings.
But that's just secondhand.
I mean, firsthand that
I've seen the stuff
and read the briefings, and
I've seen some of the technology
and some of the
bodies, of course.
But yeah, that is correct.
There must have been at least
five different civilizations
that, you know--
we're talking million
year gaps though.
We're talking, you know,
different times, you know?
And I think maybe that
might be correlated
with the stuff in
Egypt and Antarctica,
and you know, ancient
Lemuria and Atlantis.
It's all kind of tied
into different time zones,
because the symbols and
the things they're finding,
and all the equipment
and technology,
is completely different,
like you said.
So, there's a lot of
scientists out there
they are hiring now to put
in like to crack this code
like, what does this mean?
And some of the stuff
they can't operate,
of course, because they don't
understand consciousness
is just a technology,
number one.
Number two, it's such a higher
science that we're not even--
we've never even learned
it, and it's so beyond us
that we wouldn't be
able to understand it
if I was an ET talking to
you trying to explain it,
because it would be
beyond your, you know--
it would be beyond your
brain to assimilate that,
knowing what you know now.
>> DAVID: I was
particularly fascinated,
in the previous episode, when
you talked about the idea that
similar ruins as Antarctica were
found in a cave in Costa Rica.
And I want to throw something
at you and see what you say.
One of the insiders
told me about a complex
that was found
underground in Ecuador,
and that Neil Armstrong and
certain other NASA astronauts
were given the ability
to go in there.
It's very advanced;
it's very amazing,
and it's similar to Antarctica.
And I've never found
another insider
who had a corollary point of
data for that particular thing.
I've tried Pete, I've
tried Corey Goode.
They didn't know about Ecuador.
>> SMITH: I did tell you
it was near Costa Rica--
>> DAVID: Oh.
>> SMITH: --on the last episode.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: So, correct.
Yes, I've been there.
>> DAVID: You've been
to the one in Ecuador?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> DAVID: Well, from what I
heard, it's absolutely amazing.
>> SMITH: Yes, it seems to have
already started its own flora
and fauna growing in this--
there's a craft that crashed
there a very long time ago,
and it still had some
sort of energy system on.
It must have carried extra
bacteria or something,
because deep down in
there, it's actually
kind of very bio-luminescent
type feeling,
and its atmosphere is a little
different than the atmosphere
on top.
And it's not very deep under
the ground, so you know.
But I can tell you that
the plant life down there
is unlike anything I've
ever seen on Earth,
so that was really astounding.
Of course, some of
the little insects
and other things that
were running around
were also very different.
And this--
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: --this place is highly
guarded and has a really good
security system.
But I think it's going to be
brought to the public because
of other organizational
satellites are now picking up
on inner Earth things just by
accident, so it's going to be
hard for them to hide this one.
So, he is correct about this--
did he call it a cave?
Or--
>> DAVID: He just said it
was an underground complex.
>> SMITH: Right, it's
an underground complex.
But it really was
a craft that we
think may have crashed there,
or stayed there at one point,
and then they started
building around it.
And then, since it's so close
to the surface of the Earth,
the water and it opened up
and runoff went in there
and some of the
flora and fauna has
mixed with this stuff,
whatever they brought,
or it could be the energy
from this craft in there
that's changing all this stuff.
And I can't go into more
detail than just that.
>> DAVID: OK.
It's been driving me
crazy that he used words
like very amazing,
but then wouldn't
give me any actual detail
of what we might see.
So, could you give
us a little bit
about what we might
see if, at some point,
we get to go in there?
>> SMITH: Yeah, I can, I
just hate to use movies
as a retrospect.
The--
>> DAVID: But movies are
programmed with information
to discredit whistleblowers.
>> SMITH: It would make
"Avatar" land look like a--
like a small school playground.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Everything in there
had fluid running through it.
The stems of the branches
look like it, you know,
had fluid running
through everything.
There was light, you know,
Like light from everything,
all different kinds
of shades of light.
Light I've never seen before.
Not just talking about
the colors of the rainbow,
but so many amazing colors.
And the plants are
the most amazing thing
and they're like conscious,
not like our-- of course,
all plants are conscious, but
they are different in that way.
Everything down from the
leaves to the soil was sponge.
It was soil-- the
soil was all sponge,
like you're walking on a
one inch foam mattress.
I could put it-- you know how
you feel that little gushy.
And everything is really humid.
And there were
little creatures--
like little animals,
like the size of mice--
there that were
like naked moles,
like naked little shrews,
running around that
were definitely different.
They actually had color that
was emanating from them,
and I don't know if it
was a reflection of light
from the light that
was in there or if they
were emanating light.
I was not there to, you know,
talk about that specific thing.
I was there on some--
to do something else.
But it was the most
fascinating-- one
of the most fascinating things
I've ever seen here on Earth.
And I do believe there's
a lot of other biospheres
that are formed.
This one just got cracked
open somehow and mixed
with a lot of our
stuff, and that's
what they were concerned with.
Would it leave this area?
And it can't.
The plants they
took out of there
and the animals they
could not survive on the
surface of our Earth.
So, it is its own
type of biosphere.
And maybe there is an
electromagnetic field
that's protecting,
you know, the opening
in that area from anything, you
know, going out or, you know,
coming in.
>> DAVID: Part of what he
meant by very amazing--
and I'm really glad
to hear these details.
It's making a lot of sense now.
And I guess I'll just say this
first that, apparently, this
was one of the ways that Neil
Armstrong and other astronauts
were bribed to stay quiet.
And from what you're
describing, it
sounds like it is so
incredible that you
would want to stay quiet
just so you could go there
more than once maybe.
Or--
>> SMITH: Yeah, there was
an exchange of favors.
There's no money ever
exchanged in these programs,
it's all favors.
And if you don't comply
and take the favor,
then there's usually
a big problem.
Favor, such as bringing also
the astronauts to Antarctica,
as you know.
>> DAVID: Right.
Yes.
>> SMITH: So-- and all of these
other places that are very
special in the planet that we
haven't even elaborated on yet,
as this one is.
So, there's multiple
places like this, actually.
They're in the Earth
and around the Earth;
it's just this one happened
to be cracked open like an egg
and--
and beautiful things come out.
>> DAVID: As for technology,
when he mentioned very amazing,
he did imply to some degree that
there were things that looked
like a really cool spaceship
that you would see when you
went in there.
So, could you elaborate a
little on that part, as well?
Like what's the interplay
between technology
spaceship-looking
stuff and stuff
that looks like the
gardens in "Avatar?"
>> SMITH: Well, the
craft there are light,
and so, it's not something
you'd kick the tires on.
[CHUCKLING]
And the light is palpable.
And it is round and oval,
and it is very long and thin,
but it's large.
It's fairly large,
what I saw, and I
didn't get to go all
the way in, by the way.
I was only in the
first 300 yards,
so, and that was enough
for me to be completely...
my mouth dropped open.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: And so this
light craft is palpable.
So, think of light
not being blinded
like the lights we
have right now on us,
but a light that glows that
you can see it and focus on it
without being blinded.
And you can enter it from any
place you want on the craft
once when you walk up
to it and touch it.
Yeah, the biometric-type thing.
>> DAVID: I mean, that's
very interesting, Emery,
because when Pete
was on "Cosmic"
talking about this
craft in Antarctica,
he described that it had
a sort of diffuse glow.
That everywhere was just light,
and no matter where you went,
it seemed like the
light was always there.
And he also talked about
how one of the children that
was brought in
for these programs
figured out that you
could speak to the craft,
and you could talk to it
and it would mold itself
based on what you wanted it to
do and what you told it to do.
It was able to figure
out language or thought,
or something.
>> SMITH: Yes, definitely.
That's, you know, the
whole consciousness
is just a technology that
we call here today on Earth.
And the craft are all alive,
and you don't have to--
to fly a craft, you just
have to kind of say go
and where you want to go.
It's that simple.
And-- or think where
you want to go,
and it'll get you there safely.
And wherever you
look in the craft,
you can see completely
outside the craft,
so no matter where
you look it opens up
and you can see very
clearly exactly where you're
looking to a very wide
angle, including up and down.
>> DAVID: And can you
also get binocular vision,
like telescoping vision?
>> SMITH: No.
I have not experienced that.
>> DAVID: Well, one of the
things that Pete talked about
was that our more
advanced fighter jets,
the classified ones, have this
technology that goes through
these nubs in your
shoulder blade.
If you feel your
shoulder blade, there's
a little dimple in there,
and he said there's
a lot of nerves that cross in.
And he was part of a
team that figured out
how to pump signals in
through those points
that they called ports,
and you can actually allow
people who are blind to see.
And that on the jets, the
jets don't need windows,
but you can look out
from your mind's eye
and it's the same as vision,
except that it also has
binocular telescoping function.
Do you know anything about that?
>> SMITH: You mean you
don't need heads up display.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: Not-- you need your--
>> DAVID: It's in your head.
>> SMITH: You need your,
of course, protection.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: Right.
Yes, that's definitely true.
It's been out for a while.
It's kind of old technology.
>> DAVID: (CHUCKLING)
Old technology?
>> SMITH: Sorry.
And that's-- they
even make toys now,
where you hook up something
to your finger and think,
and the ball floats in the
air with a fan or something.
So, all that is real, and that's
kind of old technology compared
to what we have now.
Especially with the new suit
program, and things like that,
is all incorporated into, like
you said, into the helmet,
where you can think,
like you just said,
with some of these helmets.
And you can zoom in, zoom out.
You see in different
wavelengths and light,
and you know, just
like you said.
So, very familiar with that.
I can definitely concur and
confirm what he said was true.
>> DAVID: Well, I guess since
we're on a technology theme
here, let's talk about the
exosuit, or smart suit,
or whatever you want to call it.
So, could you tell us--
now, you gave me some very
fascinating information
about this suit before.
>> SMITH: Oh my gosh,
so much fun, the suit.
Yeah.
>> DAVID: And you've actually
had the pleasure of using one.
So, tell us about
these smart suits.
>> SMITH: Wow.
That's a big one, because
that's like a whole series.
Would you like me to start on
just the amazing technology
that's embedded in it, such as--
>> DAVID: Well, what
is it, first of all?
>> SMITH: Well, number one, it
was designed to be able to go
anywhere, and--
>> DAVID: Is it a
suit that you wear?
Like what people-- we've got
to give people a visual first.
>> SMITH: Oh, OK.
Well, they way--
>> DAVID: What would you see
on somebody who is wearing one?
>> SMITH: If you would see this
suit, what it would look like,
if someone had, like
a scuba suit on.
>> DAVID: OK.
>> SMITH: A very small
amount of neoprene.
But it's not neoprene
at all, but it would--
it fits that tight, and
it's very, very thin.
And the suit has the ability
to absorb all the shock
on your body, if you
were to jump, you know,
40 feet off a cliff
onto the ground.
So, all the weight
is distributed
into the whole suit, so your
body will feel nothing at all.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: It also is
bulletproof, it's shockproof.
It's electromagnetic
proof, to an extent.
It has the capabilities, and
the helmet are just fascinating.
It is all
mind/thought-controlled,
because it's actually connected
to you, like you said,
with these little things
in your back, but not--
>> DAVID: What about
things like heat and cold?
>> SMITH: Yeah, that's the best
thing about it is it will keep
any temperature that,
you know, you want.
It actually measures
your body at all times,
and knows how much
sweat you're sweating.
It knows, you know,
how much air you're
breathing, your body
temperature, your blood
pressure, everything.
It also can tighten to
absorb impact, and release,
so you can actually be so
comfortable wherever you're at.
So, you won't even feel it,
you'll feel like you're naked.
But in a time where you're
about to move it all tightens up
and activates, you
know, in nanoseconds.
It's made as a super soldier
suit to replace the old,
you know, dilithium
"Predator" suits that
just were, basically,
for the camouflage,
but you had to wear
armor underneath those.
So, now this one has
different, because I
think it has different
types of composites
in it and [INAUDIBLE].
>> DAVID: Well,
dilithium predator suit.
So, please explain what is-- the
movie "Predator," of course--
>> SMITH: Oh, that's just--
>> DAVID: The
being in "Predator"
is like sometimes invisible.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
>> DAVID: But it has this
thing on its arm that you can--
>> SMITH: Yeah, it's the
pop culture term, you know?
I never use--
I don't use the real
terms for these devices.
>> DAVID: OK.
>> SMITH: But you know, this
type of suit, basically,
are small round, like pyramids.
But they're round--
they're faceted.
And at the bottom of
the pyramid is a mirror.
And these are very, very
small; smaller than--
they're about, I think,
0.3 of a millimeter of a--
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yeah, 0.03 or 0.3.
So, there's thousands of
them per cubic centimeter.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: And what happens
is, when light hits it,
it reflects the light
that's around you, you know,
that's in front of you.
And it also-- with
the old suits,
it would reflect basically
what was behind you,
because you wanted to
stand up against something,
and you want to see the chair,
you don't want to see me.
But it wasn't very
effective, but it's
really good, of course, at night
and it's good during the day,
if you're in some
jungle warfare.
But it's not as good as the
one in the movie, of course,
but it was darn good, and it
saved a lot of people's lives.
So, that's what that is.
The upgrade from
that is, let's get
a suit that's better than Iron
Man, but gives you mobility,
so you don't ever
have to take it off.
You could wear it
for seven days.
>> DAVID: It cleans you?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
So, that was what they're
doing-- and gives you
nutrients, at the same time.
>> DAVID: You don't
need to eat and drink.
>> SMITH: You don't
need to eat or drink,
because it goes
through your skin,
because they have now developed
a way to have nutrients
and water absorbed
through the skin.
>> DAVID: Do you have to kind
of get past an initial hunger
feeling to--
>> SMITH: Well, everyone still,
you know, eats and drinks,
and stuff.
It's not like, you know--
it's just for if you had to.
>> DAVID: OK.
>> SMITH: You know,
you wouldn't have to.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: But you know, the suit
does have to be maintenanced,
you know, like a jet.
It's not like you can
just wear it for a year.
And it's charged with a very
special type of water that's
charged, and that's
how they do it.
That's how it actually operates
through this charged plasma.
>> DAVID: Is there any little
box or bump on it that's like
it's--
>> SMITH: No, it's
flawless, seamless.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: It does have
like a Ziploc feature,
like a suit would,
when you get into it.
All suits are made
specifically for the operator.
It has to be, because
it won't work correctly.
You could actually-- if
you were to jump in my suit
and then try to go
do something, you
could actually hurt yourself.
>> DAVID: Makes sense.
>> SMITH: So, what they're
trying to do now is make an all
in one that contours.
Like it has its own
like AI to know, oh,
so anyone can use these suits.
So, in the future, they'll
probably have that.
And then there's a
problem with the helmets
that they're having with it.
But I'm sure it's fixed by now.
>> DAVID: Before we get to that,
what could you tell us about
things like, for example,
running and jumping if you had
the suit on?
What would be
different about that?
>> SMITH: Well, you can
run up to 38 miles an hour.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: And it
won't let you fall.
It's got a special
system in it that--
you have to understand the suit
has billions of these lines,
these like, let's say, like
dental floss lines in it.
So, each thing can
tighten anywhere.
So, if you did--
you know, it absorbs every
bullet that comes to you,
you know?
I mean, you're not bulletproof,
but for the most part,
it'll stop a 223, no problem.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: So, what happens is it
knows if you're getting wobbly
and about to fall, and it'll put
pressure on that and that whole
side the suit will tighten to
realign you so you can keep
going.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Because you can--
it is made to actually
run through any terrain,
like very rocky
terrain, and also carry
a lot of weight with you.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
So, you could actually
jump off a cliff,
do a back flip-- even though
you're not a gymnast--
and you will land on
your feet like a cat.
It will not allow you to land
on your head or hurt yourself.
And the suit will take over and,
you know, curl you into a ball
and make sure you're going
to land on your feet.
It's very interesting.
It also has little types of
things that can project out.
The suit can actually project
out little fins and things
on it for swimming, and also for
when you-- if you did mess up
and you are actually jumping
too high to change the way
you're falling, in case you
were unconscious, let's say.
>> DAVID: So, what about
jumping, in particular?
Let's talk about jumping.
>> SMITH: Jumping is amazing.
I mean, you could jump, I
think, up to around 50 feet--
50, 55 feet from the ground
with no pack, with no weight.
Weight is-- you have any little
weight on you, it calibrates it
and that does affect
everything for the suit.
And the suit self-calibrates.
It's reverse-engineered
extraterrestrial technology
that they use.
It's definitely not something
that we just thought
of brilliantly and made.
So, it is something
that is using
a lot of this other technology,
and it was developed only
for like really, really upper
class special ops projects
people, which has nothing
to do with the government.
I'm talking about a very higher
level of, you know, things.
So, now we have the opportunity
to bring this to the world,
without all the
special features,
but the protective features that
we would like to give it to,
of course, you know--
start off with like the police
officers and the firemen,
and stuff, because it's amazing.
It can protect you from
heat, of course, cold.
>> DAVID: All right.
Let's be a little
more specific though.
When you say we--
>> SMITH: Right.
>> DAVID: --could you be more
specific about who is we?
And how would this suit be
able to get out to the public?
>> SMITH: The people who
have invented this suit,
I'll just say, want to
see it put to good use.
And there's other, you
know, types of these suits,
of course, that can do other
things that are, you know,
war-like type things.
So, instead of doing, you
know, going that level--
because these are prototypes,
you have to understand.
This is not available yet
for any-- you know, too many.
So, these are all prototypes.
So, they're out there,
you know, thinking,
you know, what are they
going to do with it?
The reason I got
involved with it
was because they needed
a substance that I had,
and it was, if you could get
us the substance for the suit,
to make it levitate, then
we can make a deal with you
with the suit.
We can give you your own suit,
but you know, we have to,
of course, keep the suit.
But you can have it, you
know, whenever you want.
Of course, you can't, you
know, go running around cities
with it or show it
off, but you know,
you can go to
undisclosed huge places
out in the middle of nowhere
in the United States and have,
you know, do your
own testing on it.
And that's what I wanted to do,
because I knew the materials
that it was made with.
Especially the helmet
I was working with,
which is completely
separate from the suit,
but it was going to
be made for the suit.
You know, it was
completely materials
I knew were extraterrestrial
origin that they just
reverse-engineered.
>> DAVID: You kind of quickly
said something about it
levitating.
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: What does
that mean exactly?
How would it levitate?
>> SMITH: Well, levitation on
this suit would have to do with
white gold.
They needed the pure white
gold from the ancient times.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: But what
kind of levitation?
Could you be more specific?
>> SMITH: Well, the suit
is consciousness assisted,
so by mixing these properties
of the suit with this special
white gold, you'll
be able to levitate.
Yeah, you can actually levitate.
>> DAVID: To how
much of a degree?
>> SMITH: As much as you want.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: And if the suit
was built correctly enough,
you could go to space with it.
>> DAVID: Well, it is
strange, because occasionally,
here and there, you get
these stories sometimes--
there was one in
Australia recently--
of what appears to be a
man levitating in the air.
You know, a human figure--
>> SMITH: Oh, right.
>> DAVID: --just
levitating in the air.
How many of these suits are
out there for people to test?
>> SMITH: There's only two--
I only know of two suits.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
I only know of two
suits of this--
from this manufacturer.
Yes.
I'm sure there's
many other suits.
I mean, I've seen many
Ironman-type things out there,
you know, like real--
that kind of thing.
But not to-- not like this.
>> DAVID: Right.
>> SMITH: Because this
is beyond, you know,
nuts and bolts.
>> DAVID: Sure.
And I want to point out that
Corey Goode, when I brought
this up to him,
he said that they
had this in his secret space
program, and he used them.
And he did say that there was a
momentary type of anti-gravity,
that if you fell for like
the last two or three feet
before you hit the
ground, it had enough gas
to kind of levitate you
before you hit the ground,
so you make a smoother landing.
But it's only a short term
brief levitational capability.
>> SMITH: Yeah, the suit
for jumping and for landing,
with the suits that I'm
aware with, had none of that.
It had-- was using
electromagnetic fields
to do that.
>> DAVID: Oh, really?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: And also,
we've seen movies,
like "The Edge of Tomorrow," the
Tom Cruise film-- "live, die,
repeat"--
where he-- the soldiers have
these big bulky metallic
chassis, and they can like
move parked cars with them,
and things like this.
>> SMITH: Yes.
That's very old
school technology.
It's used in every
secret project.
They're very common
in underground bases.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Exoskeletons,
like you saw in the movies,
even in the "Alien" movies with
Sigourney Weaver and stuff,
those big ones.
They're much more smaller now.
They contour to
your body easier.
They're very adjustable,
and they're not as bulky.
And you can, you know, lift
10 times your own weight.
You can lift-- you're a
human forklift is what it is.
But you're not-- it's not
made for jumping, or acrobats,
or you know, running at
high speeds, the ones
that I'm aware of.
>> DAVID: What could it do for
you if you get a laceration
or a broken bone, or
something like that?
Does it have any
countermeasures for that?
>> SMITH: Absolutely.
The suit itself will contract
on that to stop the bleeding
and add an coagulating factor
to that, built into the suit.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Not only does it
give you vitamins, minerals,
electrolytes, nutrients,
and other special proteins
and amino acids--
so you can communicate
with the suit better,
and the suit
communicates with you--
but it also can set your leg.
So, leg breaks, that
becomes now one solid piece.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: Yes.
It's amazing.
>> DAVID: What about the pain?
Does it have--
>> SMITH: Yeah,
it can give pain,
if you direct it to give pain,
or if there's also operator
induced.
You know, like if you have
the satellite-- of course,
comes with a satellite--
and the satellite will know.
And someone usually is
communicating with you
from somewhere with it.
You know, you're never, you
know, just running around,
and this kind of thing.
And this is completely
the prototype, by the way.
>> DAVID: So, what would happen
if you're feeling a great deal
of fear, anxiety?
Would the suit know
that you're afraid?
Would it have any way
to help you with that?
>> SMITH: Yes, it measures
pheromones and chemicals
in your body, constantly.
So, it's a constant laboratory.
So, it knows if your
adrenaline goes up.
Knows when your
heart rate goes up.
It knows-- you know,
it will analyze things.
And plus, don't
forget, it's usually
connected to also a team
that's watching you,
and they will take precautionary
methods and may, you know,
administer epinephrine, you
know, or morphine, or you know,
whatever it is for you
need to be extracted out
of where you're at, if
you were really that hurt.
>> DAVID: Does it have any
aromatherapy capability?
>> SMITH: Not that I'm aware of.
I don't remember seeing
anything like that.
I was not debriefed on that.
>> DAVID: Well,
it is interesting,
because Corey's version of the
suit is almost exactly the same
as what you're saying.
One of the only things
I remember he said
was that if you were
upset, at certain times,
it would give you a
smell like lavender,
or whatever smell you like
it can generate that for you.
>> SMITH: You know, what
it does, with this suit,
is it doesn't use
pharmaceuticals.
It uses-- your body has its own
chemicals to deal with stress.
And what it does is why it's
so important that each suit is
made for you is because once
we do get your blood test,
we actually measure all
those chemicals in there
that, you know, actually
initiate fight or flight
movements.
So, it could give
you really quick
some dopamine and
serotonin, which is cool,
though it's an autologous
dopamine and serotonin.
And autologous means it
comes from your own body,
it's just concentrated.
So, it has the ability to help
you heal and cure you, and add
your own chemicals that
you would need to do that,
so you won't have to, you
know, take anything else.
Like it alleviates all that
pharmaceutical-type stuff.
>> DAVID: If this were to be
distributed to the public,
how would we prevent
somebody from, essentially--
like a terrorist-- to becoming
an indestructible super villain
by having a suit like--
I mean, I guess other
people with the suit
could defeat somebody like that.
>> SMITH: Yes, it's not--
>> DAVID: How would you stop
that from being misused?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
Well, that-- you know,
that's the whole thing.
So, I think the
slow release would
be to like the police officers.
And plus, it would be
downgraded to just do
for what they needed.
Bulletproof.
They wouldn't get to jump.
They wouldn't get
to run as fast.
They wouldn't have
as many fibers in it.
It wouldn't have all the
nutrients and all that stuff.
It would probably have more
stuff to protect the person.
More of just a protective
suit, but nothing else
to be a superhero-type
thing, you know?
And that's kind of how they want
to launch that for civilians.
And then make a
civilian one that
helps with people that are
sick, or helps that people
have dangerous jobs even--
>> DAVID: Like a lifeguard.
>> SMITH: Like a lifeguard,
or welders, or you know,
people that deal in dangerous
positions where they get
burned.
>> DAVID: Firemen.
>> SMITH: Yeah, firemen,
like we just talked about.
And then, you know,
that would trickle
down to the future suits
of just everyone being
able to have one, you know,
that it just kind of keeps
you healthy and
keeps you strong,
and you know, that
kind of thing.
>> DAVID: Is the production of
something like this technology
kind of similar to how our chips
in our smartphones keep getting
better and better, and,
as they get better,
then they're mass produced?
And now it's not
expensive anymore,
because we're making them.
Could the suits ultimately
get to be a consumer level
price, do you think?
>> SMITH: Oh absolutely, but it
wouldn't have all, you know--
it would be limited
with features.
You know, it's all about that.
So, yeah, you wouldn't be
able to get the X-phone 20,
but you can get the
X-phone 10 today.
[LAUGHING]
Inside joke.
But yes, I mean,
that's how it works.
I don't think--
by that time, I do
believe that we won't
need to do that.
I think these things will
be able to be handed out
to everyone.
I think that we're
not going to--
we're going to be moving
away from this consumer thing
pretty soon.
In the future I mean,
within the next 20 years.
>> DAVID: I want to not
leave this unturned.
You said there was a
problem with the helmet.
Could you describe
what the problem is?
Why wouldn't the helmet be good?
>> SMITH: The helmet is amazing.
The problem with the helmet
is pressurization and
communicating with
the suit, since it
was a different developer.
It's just-- the helmet
works flawlessly.
It's just it's not
connecting to the suit
correctly, because the
suit is so perfectly
sculpted to the body that the
helmet is actually not, OK?
So, it is a little bit bulkier.
Small-- much smaller
than a motorcycle helmet.
OK?
And that's the problem, right
now, they're having with that.
But it's probably fixed by now.
That was in last summer.
I mean, not last summer.
That was the year before last.
>> DAVID: So, are we correct in
saying that you have been given
an opportunity to become
a distributor for this,
as it rolls out to the public?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
More like a connector, I
like to consider myself.
I'm not so much on the
business aspects of that stuff
as I have so many
other things going on.
But I would like to connect
that, so it's, you know,
put to good use to protect the
people that are protecting us
right now, you know,
that are out there,
such as the police
officers, and the fireman,
and the paramedics,
and you know,
all of these other people
in the civilian world.
Because you know, it's getting
kind of crazy out there,
and they need some help.
They need to be
a little bit more
ahead of the game with
these asymmetrical threats.
And you know, these things can,
along with the helmets also,
you know, there's no way
something can sneak up on you,
so.
>> DAVID: I'm curious about
things like international law
and the United Nations, and how
they might feel if a particular
military gained access
to this technology.
And they would have such a
disproportionate advantage
in war, that if the command
structure of that country
were to become
compromised, they could
enact some kind of global
dictatorship of some kind.
Are there any
thoughts about that?
>> SMITH: Well, that's just
an opinion, I would say.
They didn't ever
talk about-- they
don't talk about that stuff.
Manufacturers and
inventors, and you
know, politicians-- or
I mean, not politicians,
but the people that run those
corporations, they do not,
you know, think about long term.
They're more about who's
going to, you know,
pay the biggest money, and
how they're going to do this
and we need that.
But luckily, with
this group, they're
more compassionate,
because they're, you
know, about it because--
I can't say any more about
them, because I'll be--
my-- you know, I just can't
talk about them personally.
And then so-- but their
heart's in the right spot,
is what I'm saying, and
they want to do good.
And they don't necessarily
need it, you know, to do war.
You know?
And it still hasn't
gone that way yet.
But that's where it
definitely could easily go.
I don't think any, you know--
with all the drones out today
and all the other, you know,
things we have that do
not require a human being
to be in to get the job
done is where it's going.
So, that's more of
a threat, you know,
for a drone to drop
out of a satellite
and be instantly deployed
upon an area with stealth mode
and just, you know, that with
the simple technology of today.
That's so archaic, I
call it that, you know?
>> DAVID: I mean, it really does
sound to me, just to summarize,
that as disclosure
starts to happen,
there are going to be so many
surprises that we hadn't even
anticipated that, just
this technology alone,
is like "Ascension," in a sense.
>> SMITH: It is.
>> DAVID: Yeah.
>> SMITH: It gives us the
ability to travel to the stars.
>> DAVID: That's really amazing.
Well, Emery, I want to
thank you for being here.
And I want to thank
you for watching.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
with our special guest, Emery
Smith.
[THEME MUSIC]